hey guys I'm lamia and welcome back to
the yoga prescription whether you're a
mom with young kids or a working woman
we all encounter stress in our
day-to-day lives even as a yogi I find
that City Life majorly stresses me out
from time to time luckily for me my yoga
practice always comes to the rescue and
now it can for you too so let's get
[Music]
started this is my favorite go-to stress
Buster and I teach it in almost all my
glasses come into a comfortable
cross-legged
position and take a few natural
breaths breathing into the belly from
the nose and exhaling and drawing the
belly back to the spine then make a
piece sign with your right hand and fold
the first two fingers into the Palm
Place your thumb on your right
nostril and ring finger on the left
nostril lift your ring finger off the
left nostril and
inhale then place the ring finger back
down and exhale out through the right
nostril inhale
again and then exhale out through the
left this completes one cycle repeat
this four to seven
times for this next one come into a
child's pose keep your knees wide drop
your torso between your legs and extend
the arms outwards spreading your fingers
wide take two to five breaths here then
lift off into a tabletop position
bringing your knees closer in directly
under the hips and wrist below your
shoulders inhale and on the exhalation
walk your left hand forward and to the
center after this thread your right arm
underneath the left lifting the hips and
twisting at the
spine to deepen this pose you can walk
the hand further in and come onto your
fingertips bending at the elbow and
making a 90° angle take five to seven
breaths in this
pose make sure you don't put too much
weight on the head and please adjust
your position so you don't strain your
neck or
shoulder to come out press into your
left hand and Slide the right arm from
underneath and return to tabletop
position then repeat on the other
side come back to sit on your
heels lift the spine tall and press your
hands into a namaste plug your thumbs
right into your sternum and right into
your heartbeat and close your
eyes focus on your breath and on your
heartbeat finally take a big inhale
through your nose and a long exhale out
through your mouth while gently dropping
the Palms down and opening the eyes this
pose stretches your shoulders chest neck
back and helps release tension normally
held between the shoulder blades and in
the upper back all it really takes is a
few minutes a day to Center your itself
and beat stress at its own game until
next time stay tuned and stay glamorous
[Music]